really
Oh-san it's just like
Sally's daughter for good sake Do w
How long have you been aiming
Do you try
I am pattern max l
Putter even running away and hiding but not lying max l
And this bad- looking oyster
My son
That's why
It is good
It is a risk Mr. can live longer
The coming Day
I will have brought the three files in the example
It is to awaken Princess Aurora I I need prelude of the three songs
The problem is the state of the aurora decision when waking up from the frozen capsule
Awakening pattern day of artificial hibernation so far
80% chance to hippocampal part of the brain
Abnormal secretion of neurons can be seen
In other words
There is a possibility that the stored memory will be reset
If it were this, I awakened Princess Aurora
The body remains the same as before, but its spirit is a newborn baby .
Ik's Father
Where's my partner from that?
Bad use of words is because of my way of raising
It was a male hand since my mother died
This file may be called a cold book
It may be said
Anyway, all the things I've done in the past
To arithmetic processing in a special program called zero I was housed in a micro chip
It was also possible to play the god uc lightning
It becomes to somehow become Almighty Once you have the kind of girl
So as not to stand in the role of shit 's something recently of things to say
What is necessary for the personality formation of the arrowhead
Whether it is the year after or not the after black
It 's not a big deal as it appears in a textbook
I want us is to know the time of brat
Everyone example towards the back of history
Toka
I will ask for your kindness